java-driver: add a section discussing the Value interface (#200)
neo4j/driver-documentation: javaManual/asciidoc/cypher-workflow.adoc

+*+ A `Duration` or `Period` passed as a parameter will always be implicitly converted to `IsoDuration`.
======

[[java-driver-reading-values]]
=== Reading Values

> The `Value` interfaces describes methods to inferring and coercing the type of the values returned by Neo4j. The type inference methods start with `is` followed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Value` interface describes methods to infer and coerce the type of values returned by Neo4j. The type inference methods start with `is` followed
```

> by the name of the type and the types coercion methods start with `as`. The coercion methods, except `asObject()` and `asString()`, throws `Uncoercible`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by the name of the type and the type coercion methods start with `as`. The coercion methods, except `asObject()` and `asString()`, throw a `Uncoercible`
```

> exception if the value is null. In manner to avoid this kind exceptions, the `isNull()` or `asTypeName(TypeName defaultValue)` can be used depending on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exception if the value is null. To avoid this kind exception, the `isNull()` or `asTypeName(TypeName defaultValue)` can be used depending on the
```
